so dealing with grief is always the optimal thing is to do it right then
and there. But sometimes operations, whether you're deployed and
there's maybe a mission the next day and it's not quite feasible. So,
um, it's real difficult, but to try to find in the individual time
for that person to have access to resource is one of the things that
we did as chaplains is we were able to embed with the teams and all
of a sudden, now you have an instant councilor. There s so many times
they would go out on ops and deal with some traumatic issues, sometimes
loss. And I was there when they came back and I was there. It
was somebody familiar that they could talk Thio. It didn't fix the
situation, But then to make sure that once we return that we could
spend some real time as as a unit, And the danger is that when you return
from combat, everybody separates and and goes their own way. But
it's really key and important that individuals get that time to decompress
together and to share stories and to share experiences to
make sure that they're kind of resetting before they take off and go
to the next mission.